Update Definintion of Done and Definition of Ready docs (#486)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/definition-of-ready.md

> As a user, I want to provide consent when an agency partner (sometimes referred to as a service provider or SP) asks how my  information is shared, so that I have full control of what information Login.gov is sharing about me.

Stories should list out **AC**s, or **Acceptance Criteria**. Acceptance Criteria are a set of predefined requirements that must be met for the story to be complete, and describe the change that we will deliver to the user in more detail. For example:

> 1. User is asked for consent when an SP asks for it for the first time only
  (either IAL1 or IAL2)
> 2. Existing users who are already associated with an SP will be asked for consent
  for the freshness value

> If a story includes new copy or visual elements, it must include links to wireframes and translations.

Reviewer: Do we want to add anything else here about UX tickets vs appdev tickets?

```suggestion
If an appdev story includes new copy or visual elements, it must include links to wireframes and translations.
```

Reviewer 2: @artfulaction and @anniehirshman-gsa - thoughts here? I belive UX will always have tasks, as stories are for end users changes. Do we need the distinction?

Reviewer 3: That's right - UX tickets will be documented as tasks, so we can safely assume stories are for implementation. This line LGTM and the current info about UX tickets looks good in the [Tasks section](https://handbook.login.gov/articles/definition-of-ready.html#tasks). Thanks for checking!

Reviewer 4: Agree with this, don't think we need a distinction here since we aren't likely to have UX stories.
